Julie we're leaving in a few minutes oh
okay great just enough time for me to
finish my story Lisa I took Gary upon
his invitation and went to visit him at
his radio station the next day there was
so much I wanted to ask him and make
that move and I feel like this guy is
your soul mate you'll be with him
forever this guy is unbelievable
yeah yes as a matter of fact I remember
this lady called him one time and her
husband had just left her for another
woman
and she was screaming crying and Gary
said relax calm down he'll be back in a
week and a week later he was back really
yep and they still together still
together till this day okay bye-bye
call again Gary your powers are kicking
today but you know that right on the
money
hey Gary we have a very special guest in
the control room look who it is
bugs it's downtown Julie brown come on
Julie come on we met her last night at
Church Street station oh boy did we ever
meet her I'm Dinah meet her there she is
Julie brown thanks for inviting me in
here anytime you and I partied all night
then again we partied great great you
have such an energy last time I met you
I was so excited really very very good
energy oh thank you hey we've got some
collars can you take the call okay ahead
you're on the air Gary Spivey show hello
Julie hi I've watched you on TV and I
just want to tell you I think you're
terrific
all right thank you you know Julie I
listen to Gary's show every day and I
call his psychic companions almost every
morning just to see what my day is gonna
be like well you know what I I met Gary
last night and I I think it's the most
amazing thing that's happened to me in
my life right now I gotta be honest with
you it's just I don't know it's an inner
thing you know it's an inner thing
that's come out I think I'm gonna start
calling up the psychic companions you
have a busy life a very busy life so you
need it and this will be very exciting
for me and unfortunately that's all the
time we have today on the Garry Spivey
show we'll be back again tomorrow
everyone thanks for less than thank you
bye-bye ever Claire cliff